what's going on everybody Boris here at
dear ecology design studio and we're bed
sick at the moment so forgive the
residents of my voice usually when I'm
sick I just try to relax and get better
and in this case I try to do that with X
rebirth the new title and the x series
now I usually don't do game reviews and
I don't even have one on my channel but
I'll make an exception for this I've
been a fan of the series for years ever
since X to the threat I've waited for
Roberta since it was announced in 2011
which is why I just can't let this huge
disappointment go I just can't let it go
this was the last straw folks this is
what finally convinced me to never ever
ever pre-order games before reading the
reviews if Rome to had not already done
that I thought what could go wrong
they've been working on this title for
seven years well folks every single
thing went wrong this title gets at most
a 3 out of 10 for me and that's being
generous it is utterly unquestionably
garbage in its current state I get no
satisfaction from saying that but do not
be confused by the positive reviews this
title may have out there those are
probably from people associated with the
title people who have been paid to give
the title a generally positive review so
that they can sell this piece of crap
where to begin the user interface is
garbage and doesn't scale with size the
game is not made for 1920 x 1080
resolution everything is super small and
tiny so much so that you miss important
information that mainly use wall
simplified require you to go through a
good four to five levels of detail to
get something you're looking for and
there is no guy telling you what's weird
torial is pretty much a joke you
literally have to select option one and
option three then option 5 denies afford
an option one again just to find out
where something is i have two gtx 570 s
and an i7 core but i get low frame
stuttering extra glitches it's it's
beyond awful and I could deal with that
if the game was beautiful with the game
at high quality textures and ship in
person models but it doesn't
everything is volution half alpha
textures and the first person mode is
beyond awful people look like cardboard
or plastic cutouts all this can be the
models are just terrible who designed
these models for the people that are in
the game who taught this is a good idea
let me put a 95 year old person with at
most one or two animations and now on to
animations the animations are rigid and
repetitive I'm talking literally 2 to 3
animations per person folks here in
total sounds my god the sounds in this
game is so bad I almost want to use a
curse word they're low quality and super
repetitive again I'm talking the 104
sounds throughout the entire universe
which is huge and it just repeats over
and over and over and over again am I am
I getting through you it's terrible
until you just give up there are police
sirens in space apparently by the way
and if that wasn't enough voice acting
and the script I'd recommend avoiding
this game for that reason alone even if
everything else was good it sounds like
somebody gave the scripted developers
and forced them to read it in his
monotonous and banal voice as possible
oh this looks dangerous I hope we make
it say do you think they might follow us
let's hope they don't that would not be
good this gem is literally in there and
the dialogue reads like somebody locked
the managers five year old kid in a
closet with a pen and paper and told him
to write the script or else the stations
while huge require you to fly superduper
close to them and hover over an icon
literally 10 pixels wide by 10 pixels
tall to doc whereas before you could
select the station press C and then
request doc that brings up my next point
you can't select stations anymore so
good luck knowing what station does what
and they all pretty much look alike and
the icons look exactly the same so how
do you know where you're supposed to go
we're supposed to dock and we were
supposed to buy prob property hey and
thanks from and good luck managing and
finding your property I started out with
a freighter and somehow he disappeared
not even halfway through the tutorial
and I never found it again either it was
destroyed or just got lost and the
terrible map which brings me to the map
the galaxy map the
had before is replaced with a useless
zone system and sector map now basically
each sector is a solar system with
multiple zones within it and you use the
space highways to travel between those
the space always actually that's only
the good thing about the game it's a
good fast travel system but the map is
there's no information on the map forget
the mat you literally you can look at it
all day every day and you'll never
figure out where your are what you're
supposed to do what stations where it's
it's just like a useless piece of
garbage actually it's worth getting the
game just for lulz to see it what's
really sad is that it took them seven
years to make this turd and they
announced it in 2011 not like it didn't
have time or anything and there's a lot
of people out there defending it saying
oh it's a small studio they don't have
the money blah blah blah blah blah give
me a break it's called you have a lot of
time and a big fan base and many options
it's called crowdfunding loans etc
whatever it takes to create a good solid
product not an amateur college
programming project avoid this title
until they fix it even then i'd be
skeptical heck i'm not sure it can be
fixed it require another two to three
years of development redesign
redevelopment if they try to fix
everything that's wrong with it before
we part ways I forgot to leave you with
two of the most important things of why
this game should be avoided the
artificial intelligence is terrible I
didn't see a way to change the
difficulty setting within the game and
honestly if you can destroy a capital
ship with the starter ship that you get
during the tutorial then the game is
broken what I literally did is a flu in
the hangar of a capital ship or a big
freighter a ship that I should not be
able to even get close to because of its
turrets and fighter Bay when you attack
a ship like that it releases spiders and
it's supposed to make it difficult but
if you fly it's a next point if you fly
within the hangar bay and just blast
away you're safe from the tourists
you're safe from the fighters you say
from absolutely everything and you can
destroy that ship to your heart's
content and then just leave that to me
is a sign of a
broken game that to me is a sign that
something wasn't tested properly during
development another thing some of the
most fundamental features during the
game that you use will lead to the game
being broken the information icons that
you have to scan if you want to get
discounts at stations is it's a
fundamental feature of the game you fly
around the station you scan different
parts of it with the I icon for
information but if you click on them and
open them my god the game will freeze
and stop working forcing you to do ctrl
delete and then pass manager and process
because it is broken and there is a host
of other features like this that when
you try to use them the game will freeze
break and force you to manually close
the game again my specs are decent two
gtx 570 s and an i7 this should not be
happening something wasn't tested
properly during development combine all
of these negatives in the game and
there's really no positives to be had
and there's really no reason to own the
game until it is fixed that's how I got
folks I'll see you next time on our
ecology design production